Allow for connections including slice specifications (#774)
NREL/GreenHEART: docs/user_guide/connecting_technologies.md

The `source_parameter` and `destination_parameter` should be input into the array as another array. If it's input as a tuple the model will raise an error.
```

##### Slice notation for mismatched shapes

3-element connections with different shared parameter names allow the user to append a NumPy-style slice in square brackets to the source and/or destination parameter name.
This is used to connect variables whose shapes differ, for example feeding a scalar finance output into a per-timestep input.
The slice is parsed into OpenMDAO `src_indices`, and the bracketed text is stripped from the parameter name before the connection is made.

```yaml
technology_interconnections: [

>   # select a subset of the source before connecting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # select a subset of the source to connect to the destination
```

  ["tech_a", "tech_b", ["source_param[0:100]", "dest_param"]],
  # tile a single source element across an 8760-length destination
  ["finance_subgroup_electricity", "grid_buy", ["LCOE[0]", "electricity_buy_price[0:8760]"]],
]
```

Behavior depends on which side carries a slice:

> - **Source only** (`"source_param[0:100]"`): the slice selects source indices directly (supports start/stop/step, e.g. `[0:100:2]`, and `[:]` for the full range).

Reviewer: Clarification question: When it's "Source only", then the destination length isn't needed? Does this mean that if my `source_param` is a 100 element array and my destination is a 50 element array, then I just need to do the connection as 
`["source_tech", "destination_tech", ["source_param[0:100:2]", "destination_param"]]`

Author: Yes, that is correct.

> - **Destination only** or **both sides equal**: no `src_indices` are applied (the slice is treated as documentation of the target shape).

Reviewer: Idk if the definition of "destination only" needs to be explained here? Isn't "Destination only" when we don't specify indices?
`["source_tech", "destination_tech", ["source_param", "destination_param"]]`

Author: Yes, that is what it means by "no `src_indices` are applied". Basically it treats it as though no slice was provided.
